Update README -- add prerequisites, Windows instructions (#33)
fugue/regula: README.md

    env TERRAFORM=terraform-v0.12.18 ./bin/regula ../regula-ci-example/ lib

Note that Regula requires Terraform 0.12+ in order to generate the JSON-formatted plan.

### Windows

> Because Regula uses a bash script to automatically generate a plan, convert it to JSON, and run the Rego validations, Windows users should manually run the steps that Regula performs. See those steps [here](#locally-producing-a-report-on-windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Regula uses a bash script to automatically generate a plan, convert it to JSON, and run the Rego validations, Windows users can instead manually run the steps that Regula performs. See those steps [here](#locally-producing-a-report-on-windows).  Alternatively, you can run the script using [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about).
```
